Fixed an issue where rules in context contained nested dicts. (#17286)
demisto/content: Packs/PAN-OS/ReleaseNotes/1_8_7.md

#### Scripts
##### PanoramaSecurityPolicyMatchWrapper

> - Fixed an issue where rules in context contained nested dicts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the rules outputs were not in the expected format.
```
